JOHN YANG: Good evening.
I'm John Yang.
Judy Woodruff is away.
On the "NewsHour" tonight:
questions of loyalty
and the law.
Some Republicans begin to break
ranks, joining
Democrats calling for an
independent counsel
after reports the president
tried to stop
the FBI investigation into his
former national
security adviser.
Then: how this latest bombshell
raises questions
of obstruction of justice.
We break down the law and why
it's not always
a clear offense.
And how business between two men
is improving
race relations in Athens,
Georgia.
MAN: We have cuisine from
everywhere around
the world, live entertainment.
On any given night, you can find
hip-hop,
comedy, singer/songwriters.
We want to be a place for
everyone, not just
anyone.
JOHN YANG: All that and more on
tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
JOHN YANG: We begin with
breaking news.
The Justice Department has
appointed former
FBI Director Robert Mueller to
oversee the
investigation into any possible
connections
between the Trump campaign and
Russia in last
year's election.
For President Trump today, there
was no escape
from the fallout over allegedly
pressuring
the previous FBI director, James
Comey, and
about sharing secrets with the
Russians.
Talk of obstructing justice and
endangering
national security hung heavy in
the air, even
as the president spent the day
on the road.
Lisa Desjardins begins our
coverage.
DONALD TRUMP, President of the
United States:
Things are not always fair.
LISA DESJARDINS: The firestorm
in Washington
clearly on the president's mind
at the Coast
Guard Academy's graduation in
New London,
Connecticut.
DONALD TRUMP, President of the
United States:
Look at the way I have been
treated lately,
especially by the media.
No politician in history, and I
say this with
great surety, has been treated
worse or more
unfairly.
LISA DESJARDINS: He gave this
advice to graduates.
DONALD TRUMP: You will find that
things happen
to you that you do not deserve
and that are
not always warranted.
But you have to put your head
down and fight,
fight, fight.
LISA DESJARDINS: The president
didn't directly
address the last day's
headlines.
Those started with this report
from The New
York Times citing unnamed
sources saying,
in February, Mr. Trump spoke to
former Director
of the FBI James Comey about an
investigation
of his adviser Michael Flynn,
and told Comey,
"I hope you can let this go."
That reportedly happened a day
after Flynn
was fired as national security
adviser for
lying about his contacts with
the Russians.
Comey himself was fired last
week.
The White House has denied the
story, insisting
the president never asked anyone
to end any
investigation.
But it all meant a new round of
shockwaves
across Capitol Hill.
Democrats renewed calls for an
independent
commission or a special
prosecutor on the
Russia connection and Trump's
firing of Comey.
SEN.
CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY), Minority
Leader: The
events of the last two weeks
have shaken my
confidence in this
administration's competence
and credibility.
REP.
RUBEN KIHUEN (D), Nevada: Look,
enough is
enough.
President Trump's unchecked and
reckless behavior
is impacting the national
security of the
United States of America.
LISA DESJARDINS: Among
Republicans, Senator
Lisa Murkowski Of Alaska also
joined the call
for a special counsel at the
Department of
Justice.
REP.
RICK ALLEN (R), Georgia: Yes, I
am praying
for the president.
LISA DESJARDINS: Others, like
Georgia Congressman
Rick Allen, indicated concern
for the White
House.
REP.
RICK ALLEN: How do you endure
all this, so,
and still try to govern?
LISA DESJARDINS: House Speaker
Paul Ryan is
withholding any conclusion for
now, saying
Congress has to get to the
bottom of all this.
REP.
PAUL RYAN (R-WI), Speaker of the
House: We
need the facts.
It is obvious that there are
some people out
there who want to harm the
president.
But we have an obligation to
carry out our
oversight, regardless of which
party is in
the White House.
LISA DESJARDINS: Alongside those
words, a
sudden flurry of activity.
House Oversight Committee
Chairman Jason Chaffetz
asked the FBI to send all
memoranda, notes,
summaries and recordings about
contact between
James Comey and the president.
And the committee says it hopes
to have Comey
testify next week.
The Senate Intelligence
Committee is also
asking for Comey to testify, and
the Senate
Judiciary Committee is now
getting involved,
sending letters to the FBI and
the White House
asking for all memos and
recordings as well.
Republican Congressman Justin
Amash of Michigan
went so far as to say, if the
Comey memo is
true, it would be grounds for
impeachment.
But California Democrat Adam
Schiff, ranking
member on the House Intelligence
Committee
and a leading Trump critic, said
it's too
soon to go there.
REP.
ADAM SCHIFF (D), California: No
one ought
to, in my view, rush to embrace,
you know,
the most extraordinary remedy,
that involves
the removal the president from
office.
LISA DESJARDINS: Meanwhile,
Russian President
Vladimir Putin made his own
offer to Congress
over reports that President
Trump discussed
highly classified information
with Russian
diplomats last week.
Putin spoke at a news conference
in Sochi,
Russia.
VLADIMIR PUTIN, Russian
President (through
translator): If the U.S.
considers it necessary,
we are ready to provide the
Senate and U.S.
Congress with a record of the
conversation
between Lavrov and Trump.
LISA DESJARDINS: Putin also
decried what he
called anti-Russian sentiment.
Special correspondent Nick
Schifrin covers
Russia.
He spoke to us from the Dagestan
region.
NICK SCHIFRIN: President Putin
expressed a
genuine frustration that, in his
view, the
Washington establishment won't
let President
Trump improve the bilateral
relationship.
And he said he was concerned by
Washington's
unpredictability.
But, at the same time, he
cracked a joke at
the U.S.' expense, and the video
showed senior
Russian officials laughing.
There's a certain schadenfreude
here in seeing
Washington suffer such
turbulence.
As the senior Russian Foreign
Ministry spokeswoman
put it yesterday: "How do we
live in this
unstable world of information?
With pleasure."
LISA DESJARDINS: Meanwhile, with
the president
back in Washington tonight, the
next act in
this political drama is set
tomorrow.
That's when Deputy Attorney
General Rod Rosenstein
will brief the full Senate over
the firing
of James Comey and handling of
the Russia
investigation.
JOHN YANG: So, repeating the
breaking news
we reported at the top of the
show, moments
ago, the Justice Department
announced that
Robert Mueller, who is the
former head of
the FBI, is the special counsel
to investigate
connections between the Trump
campaign and
Russia during the 2016 campaign.
Now, we go back to Lisa
Desjardins on Capitol
Hill.
Lisa, have you gotten any
reaction to this
from lawmakers yet?
LISA DESJARDINS: hat's right.
We have put out some calls, and
we have a
little bit of reaction from the
House Democrat
Leader's office, Nancy Pelosi's
office.
They say they are furiously
writing a statement,
but they have told me that this
doesn't change
their call for an independent
commission,
which is what they were working
on today.
They have been asking for an
independent counsel
of this sort, but they say they
still want
more than that.
From Republicans, our Capitol
Hill producer
Julie Percha just talked to
Representative
Peter King of New York.
He is on the House Intelligence
Committee.
He told her that he thinks there
was no allegation
of a crime here, and he's not
sure a special
counsel is needed.
So, no surprise, John, in this
divided Congress,
we have divided reaction right
now to this
announcement.
JOHN YANG: But is this going to
turn the temperature
down, do you think, on some of
the rhetoric
we're hearing, especially from
the Democrats?
LISA DESJARDINS: I think one
factor here,
in the choice of Robert Mueller,
is that he
is very well-known here and very
well-respected
in Congress.
That could help Republicans sort
of say that
we think there will be an
up-and-up investigation
that could get to the facts of
the Russia
probe.
Now, at the same time, we have
to remember
that could be separate from what
Congress
does in this matter of potential
obstruction
of justice at the White House.
That's where we're seeing a lot
of attention,
especially in the Senate today,
John, a lot
of big decisions over how the
Senate goes
forward, and who handles those
questions of
what the president did or didn't
tell Mr.
Comey about whether he should
investigate
Michael Flynn.
JOHN YANG: And, of course, that
is going on,
the Intelligence Committee
calling for documents,
the Judiciary Committee calling
for documents.
Where do you think that's going
to head from
here?
LISA DESJARDINS: There's a key
person to watch,
John.
That is Senator Chuck Grassley
of Iowa.
No coincidence he was out of the
spotlight
today.
He's got a big decision to make.
How hard does he press this
matter?
Traditionally, the Judiciary
Committee is
where you would see an
obstruction of justice
investigation or looking into
this.
But is that where Republicans
want to go when
it is their own president who is
in the questioning
-- who is being questioned here?
It's probably a decision for
Majority Leader
Mitch McConnell, as well as
Chuck Grassley.
And Mr. Grassley sort of seemed
to go out
of his way today, John, to avoid
reporters.
Dianne Feinstein, who is the
ranking Democrat
on that committee, said she
absolutely wants
Judiciary to be a lead committee
on these
questions.
They are certainly stepping up
their involvement,
as you said, asking for more
documents today,
along with two other committees.
We are posting online all of
these developments.
It's hard to keep track, but,
right now, three
committees asking for documents
involving
Mr. Comey, and that's in
addition to the two
investigations in Congress in
the Intelligence
Committees on Russia.
JOHN YANG: Lisa Desjardins on
Capitol Hill
keeping up with these events
that are fast-breaking,
thank you very much, Lisa.
In the day's other news: Wall
Street had its
worst day since September, amid
investors
worries that turmoil engulfing
the president
will block swift passage of his
agenda.
The Dow Jones industrial average
lost more
than 370 points to close back
near 20600.
The Nasdaq fell 158 points, and
the S&P 500
dropped 43.
The dollar also slipped again,
wiping out
all its gains since the
election.
Max Wolff is watching all this
for the investment
firm 55 Capital.
MAX WOLFF, 55 Capital: A
significant part
of what's produced the six-month
market rally
is the notion that we're going
to have radical
deregulation, particularly, but
not exclusively,
around financial issues, and
we're going to
have massive tax cuts,
particularly, but not
exclusively, for large
companies.
The weaker the president is, the
less likely
you are to get those tax cuts,
and some of
those premiums start coming out
of the market.
JOHN YANG: Investors sought
refuge today in
gold and the treasury market.
Army Private Chelsea Manning was
released
from prison today, after serving
seven years
of a 35-year sentence for giving
thousands
of secret documents to
WikiLeaks.
President Obama had granted her
clemency.
Manning posted a picture of her
feet, captioned
"First steps of freedom," after
leaving Fort
Leavenworth Prison in Kansas.
The transgender soldier was
known as Bradley
Manning before transitioning
while in prison.
President Trump will hold off
his campaign
promise to move the U.S. Embassy
in Israel
to Jerusalem.
The Palestinians strongly oppose
it, and now
CNN, Reuters and others report
that Mr. Trump
has decided not to announce it
when he's in
Israel next week.
Reuters quotes a senior U.S.
official as saying
the president still does want to
move the
embassy from Tel Aviv sometime
in the future.
Washington, D.C., police are
pursuing charges
in the violent attacks on
protesters outside
the Turkish ambassador's
residence.
It happened Tuesday evening as
the Turkish
president was in town.
Twelve people were injured, and
two were arrested.
Witnesses say that President
Erdogan's security
detail attacked demonstrators,
as police tried
to intervene.
The police chief said today that
diplomatic
immunity will not shield the
Turkish president's
guards.
PETER NEWSHAM, Washington, D.C.,
Police Chief:
That's not something we will
tolerate here
in Washington, D.C.
This is a city where people
should be allowed
to come and peacefully protest.
We are going to pursue
everything that's within
our legal power to hold the
folks that were
responsible accountable for
their actions.
JOHN YANG: The State Department
said today
it's communicating its concerns
about the
violence to the Turkish
government in the
strongest possible terms.
Arrests of suspected
undocumented immigrants
soared in the early months of
the Trump administration.
The U.S. Immigration and Customs
Enforcement
says that more than 41,000
people were arrested
from January 22 to April 29.
That's up 40 percent over a year
ago.
At the same time, actual
deportations fell
12 percent during the same
period.
Crews in New Orleans removed
another Confederate
monument today.
Workers used cranes to lift the
statue of
general P.G.T.
Beauregard off its pedestal in
the early morning
hours.
It was erected back in 1915.
A statue of Robert E. Lee will
be the last
of four Confederate monuments to
come down.
And a Texas teenager is the
winner of this
year's National Geographic Bee.
He's 14-year-old Pranay Varada.
He won the title in a
sudden-death tiebreaker
in Washington today.
Varada wins a $50,000
scholarship, a lifetime
membership in the National
Geographic Society,
and a trip to the Galapagos
Islands.
Not bad.
Still to come on the "NewsHour":
do President
Trump's actions constitute
obstruction of
justice?; I ask Nebraska
Republican Senator
Ben Sasse for his thoughts on
the recent White
House turmoil; the Trump
administration's
overhaul at the Environmental
Protection Agency;
and much more.
The disclosure that President
Trump allegedly
asked Jim Comey to drop an FBI
investigation
has raised the question of
whether this may
constitute obstruction of
justice.
There's plenty of disagreement.
To try to understand this, we
are joined by
Michael Waldman.
He is president of the Brennan
Center for
Justice at the NYU School of
Law.
He also worked for President
Bill Clinton.
And William Jeffress, he is a
trial lawyer
who has worked on criminal and
civil cases
at Baker Botts.
One of his best known cases was
defending
Scooter Libby, the chief of
staff to former
Vice President Dick Cheney.
Mr. Jeffress, let me begin with
you.
I'm sure you have heard the news
that Bob
Mueller, the former FBI
director, has now
been named special counsel in
the case involving
the possible connections between
the Trump
campaign and Russia in last
year's campaign.
What's your reaction to that?
WILLIAM JEFFRESS, Baker Botts:
Excellent choice,
highly qualified, very
well-respected.
Couldn't have a better person.
JOHN YANG: Michael Waldman, how
about you?
What do you think of this?
MICHAEL WALDMAN, President,
Brennan Center
for Justice: It's encouraging
news.
He is very well-respected.
Some of the questions include,
what would
be the scope of his brief and
what is his
level of independence?
Presumably, President Trump
isn't going to
ask him, as alleged, for his
loyalty, but
is he only going to look at the
potential
collusion during the campaign or
at some of
these broader issues that amount
to, if true,
abuse of power and obstruction
of justice?
JOHN YANG: And, Mr. Jeffress, is
his representation
such that you think this should
put to rest
any questions about this
investigation?
WILLIAM JEFFRESS: I followed his
career very
closely, know him personally.
It certainly puts to rest any
question in
my mind.
JOHN YANG: Let's turn now to
this question
of obstruction of justice, and
whether or
not what the president has been
doing constitutes
it.
First of all, the legal
definition under the
law, obstruction of justice, Mr.
Jeffress,
what is it?
WILLIAM JEFFRESS: It's corruptly
endeavoring
to influence an official
proceeding.
JOHN YANG: Corruptly.
Corruptly, what does that mean?
WILLIAM JEFFRESS: That's the key
word.
It means for an improper
purpose.
It's defined in the law.
And, you know, one could make a
request of
an FBI agent or, for that
matter, the head
of the FBI.
If not done for an improper
purpose, that
wouldn't be obstruction of
justice.
If done for an improper purpose,
it would
be.
JOHN YANG: Michael, anything you
want to add
to that or take away from that?
MICHAEL WALDMAN: Well, I think
that's correct.
The fact that, legally, the
president can,
for example, fire the FBI
director is true,
but not if it was done for
corrupt purposes.
And, you know, I have a right to
drive a car,
but not to drive a getaway car.
And so that is the kind of
fact-based question
that prosecutors and juries have
to look at
and also that the court of
public opinion
needs to look at.
Mr. Mueller has a legal brief,
but, ultimately,
as your story showed earlier,
Congress has
a very significant role to play
in looking
at the broader set of questions,
including
this.
JOHN YANG: Then do you think
what the president
has done or alleged to have done
with -- with
James Comey and his discussions
with Mr. Comey,
does that constitute obstruction
of justice
in your mind, Michael?
MICHAEL WALDMAN: Again, assuming
that the
allegations are true, it raises
very serious
questions and comes close to the
kind of obstruction
of justice that has led to
impeachment proceedings,
for example, against Richard
Nixon.
We know that he asked Mr. Comey
for his loyalty.
We know that, according to these
news reports,
he pulled him aside, told the
attorney general
to leave the room, and asked him
-- as his
supervisor, asked him to drop
the investigation
of his national security
adviser, and when
he didn't drop that
investigation, actually
asked to expand it, we know that
he fired
Mr. Comey, and then went on
national television
to say that the reason in his
mind was -- quote
-- the Trump-Russia thing."
Those are all bits of evidence
that suggest
a very worrisome pattern that
could in fact
amount to obstruction of
justice.
It's certainly an abuse of power
and a risk,
I would say, to the rule of law.
JOHN YANG: Mr. Jeffress what, do
you think?
WILLIAM JEFFRESS: Well, focusing
on the conversation
with Director Comey about
General Flynn, based
on what Mr. Trump has said, that
he made that
request because he thought
General Flynn was
a good man, and presumably
suffered enough
by being fired, that wouldn't be
a provable
case of obstruction of justice.
But there are other
hypotheticals.
And there's certainly reason to
investigate.
For example, if Mr. Trump knew
that General
Flynn had incriminating
information on Mr.
Trump having to do with the
Russia investigation
and made this request of Mr.
Comey in order
to keep Mr. Flynn -- General
Flynn quiet,
that would be obstruction.
JOHN YANG: Because that would --
that would
satisfy the corruptly -- acting
corruptly?
WILLIAM JEFFRESS: That would be
an improper
purpose, yes, to keep a witness
quiet.
JOHN YANG: And, in this
discussion, can a
president, Mr. Jeffress, can a
president be
indicted?
WILLIAM JEFFRESS: Not while he's
sitting.
That seems to be settled.
He can be impeached and could be
indicted
after being impeached if -- once
he's removed
from office.
JOHN YANG: And so, Michael, this
becomes not
-- then that becomes a question
of not so
much a legal question of what
the law says,
but it becomes a political
question, does
it not, of what Congress says,
what the House
says in drafting a bill of
indictment and
what the Senate would say in
whether to convict
on that bill.
MICHAEL WALDMAN: I do think
that's exactly
right.
You had, for example, during
Watergate the
grand jury then named President
Nixon as an
unindicted co-conspirator, but
the real action
was during the impeachment
proceedings.
I think impeachment is a pretty
strong remedy.
I would like to start by seeing
meaningful
and public congressional
investigations, whether
by a select committee or by a
9/11 Commission-style
independent panel to look into
the very things
that Mr. Jeffress has discussed.
Remember, we're looking at the
actions by
a hostile foreign power to
undermine our democracy,
potentially the collusion with
one of the
campaigns with that action, and
now we see
what looks like, if it is in
fact the motives
that seem to be in play, a
corrupt effort
to undermine that investigation.
In other words, even the best of
prosecutors
proceeds in secret and looks to
see whether
there's a law broken or not.
But the public has a reason to
want to know
the broader set of questions and
patterns.
So it really does come down to
Congress, where
there's more running around,
more action,
but I would like to see some
coordinated and
meaningful oversight here.
JOHN YANG: But, Mr. Jeffress, I
take it from
what you said that you think
this all really
does depend, then, on whether
Mr. Mueller
is going to investigate about
whether or not
there is a real link with
General Flynn and
the Russians and whether
President Trump knew
about that.
Is that right?
WILLIAM JEFFRESS: Certainly,
he's going to
investigate what Mr. Flynn said
to the FBI,
what he said to Vice President
Pence, what
he -- his actual conversation
with the Russian
ambassador, and what did
President Trump know
about all that or have to do
with it?
JOHN YANG: William Jeffress,
Michael Waldman,
I'm sure we are going to be
talking about
this a lot in the future, but
thanks for joining
us.
WILLIAM JEFFRESS: You bet.
JOHN YANG: We turn our focus
back to Capitol
Hill.
Earlier this evening, I sat down
with Republican
Senator Ben Sasse of Nebraska.
We spoke before the Justice
Department announced
it was appointing Robert Mueller
as a special
counsel in this investigation of
the ties
between Russian and the Trump
campaign.
We looked at how the Republican
Party's leadership
is handling the fallout, and the
senator's
new book, "The Vanishing
American Adult."
Senator Sasse is a Republican
who has been
vocal for some time about his
opposition to
Mr. Trump.
I began by asking for his
response to the
recent events.
SEN.
BEN SASSE (R), Nebraska: Well,
there's just
a lot we don't know, so let's
first be humble
about how little we know.
But it's very important that we,
those of
us who are called to be public
servants for
a time, are constantly thinking
about, what
can we do to rebuild, not
further erode public
trust?
We have the institutions of our
democratic
republic that have 9 percent,
and 12 percent,
and 15 percent approval rating,
and that's
not sustainable.
The Federal Bureau of
Investigation is a really
important institution, and we
need to all
want to shepherd it.
We want it to be protected from
political
influence.
We want it to not be a place
that the American
people think of as a partisan
agency that
they should doubt.
And so, very critical, when you
have three
branches of government, the
executive branch
is where you are going to have
to put your
investigative arm, the FBI, and
your prosecutorial
decision-making, the Department
of Justice.
But the American people need to
have confidence
that it's insulated from
political and partisan
decision-making.
JOHN YANG: You have questioned
-- even in
the campaign, you said you
trusted neither
candidate.
You didn't trust Mr. Trump.
You didn't trust Secretary
Clinton.
As your colleagues have learned
more, and
as we have all learned more
about President
Trump, have you been satisfied
with the way
your colleagues, and especially
the leadership,
have reacted?
SEN.
BEN SASSE: Well, I think both of
these political
parties are living on borrowed
capital.
And they're exhausted.
There aren't clear visions that
either party
has right now.
I want to be clear, I'm the
third or fourth
most conservative guy in the
Senate by voting
record, but I'm not particularly
partisan.
We should be having a
conversation between
the two political parties, where
they're each
trying to outdo each other in
terms of having
better ideas to persuade the
American people
about what a vision for 10 and
15 years and
20 years into the future should
be for policy-making.
Instead, we constantly have a
lesser of two
evils conversation.
And right now, both political
parties tend
to act like their main job is to
explain yet
why the other side is worse.
That's not good enough.
JOHN YANG: But is the
discussion, the constant
discussion of trying to explain
or defend
the president, is that getting
in the way
of not only the Republican
agenda, but also
this greater discussion that you
talk about?
SEN.
BEN SASSE: Yes.
I mean, we have a continuum that
should be
Republican vs. Democrat or
conservative vs.
progressive continuum about what
policy-making
the federal government should
do.
But most of our policy-making
discussions
are short-termist.
We should be having long-term
discussions
about a national security
strategy for the
age of cyber and jihad.
We should be thinking about the
portability
of benefits in an era where
average job duration
for the next generation is going
to get shorter
and shorter for evermore.
And that's before artificial
intelligence
and machine learning is really
disrupting
it.
And those policy discussions
should still
be subordinate to an even larger
civic conversation
about, what does America mean?
What is our shared narrative?
How is the freedom of speech,
press, religion,
and assembly the beating heart
of the American
experiment?
We don't talk about any of those
things.
We talk about the blood feud of
Hatfields
and McCoys almost every day.
JOHN YANG: Let me quickly bring
you back to
something a little more
immediate.
The -- one of your colleagues,
Lisa Murkowski,
said today it may be time to
start thinking
about an independent counsel in
the Russia
investigation involving the
Trump campaign.
Are you hearing that more?
And what do you think about that
idea?
SEN.
BEN SASSE: So, I haven't yet
called for either
a special prosecutor or an
independent counsel,
but I want to distinguish those
terms and
talk about why not.
So, first of all, independent
counsel, or
a criminal or an investigative
thing that's
based on retrospective problems,
that's one
potential pathway.
We also -- we usually use the
word independent
commission or 9/11-style
commission usually
to look at not just what's
happened retrospectively,
but what do we need to do to be
prepared for
what Russia other and hostile
foreign powers
are going to do with
cyber-attacks against
us in 2018 and 2020?
I think, for the future-looking
thing, we
need to be doing lots more,
because what comes
next is far more compelling and
dangerous
attempts to interfere with
America's trust
and Americans' trust of each
other.
When the bot technology and the
machine learning
enables even more aggressive
cyber-attacks
in the future, it's not going to
be against
one party or against the other.
It's going to be a war of all
against all,
where every American is supposed
to doubt
each other.
Putin is winning right now with
these kinds
of efforts.
We have to be sure that we're
doing the prospective
looking at how we're going to be
prepared
for the cyber-attacks of the
future.
But I believe we also need to --
and this
is why I haven't yet called for
a special
commission or a special
investigator, though
I'm open to those deliberations
-- I haven't
yet called for it because I want
to see us
restore trust in the
institutions we currently
have, the Senate Intelligence
Committee, the
Federal Bureau of Investigation.
We have to shore up these
institutions.
It's not the case that you can
just punt because
of the current mistrust and say,
well, if
we have a special prosecutor,
that will be
a panacea and everyone will
trust it.
If the special prosecutor -- we
don't have
a statute for it now, by the
way.
If we had to pass a new statute,
usually,
it would be some form of a
three-judge panel.
Well, if they appoint somebody,
then two of
them are going to have been
Democratic nominees
and one a Republican or two
Republicans and
a Democrat, and then people are
going to dig
into their history.
And we're going to have distrust
all the way
down.
We only have feet of clay.
And the American people, we need
to come back
together and restore trust in
some of our
extant institutions and plan for
the future.
JOHN YANG: Let's turn to your
book, make your
publisher happy.
We will talk about your book a
little bit.
It's called "The Vanishing
American Adult."
You write: "We are living in an
America of
perpetual adolescence.
Our kids simply don't know what
an adult is
anymore or how to become one."
Talk about that.
SEN.
BEN SASSE: Well, first of all,
this book is
a -- "The Vanishing American
Adult" is a constructive
project.
Two-thirds of it is about
different habit-forming
enterprises that we should be
dedicating our
13- and our 15- and our
17-year-olds to.
It's not a blame-laying book.
But, if it were, it would be
directed at the
parents and at the grandparents,
not at millennials
today, because we haven't done a
good job
of helping our kids understand
that scar tissue
is something to celebrate.
Scar tissue is the foundation of
future character.
And, right now, we have come to
believe that
one of the ways to serve our
kids is to protect
them from hardships and
transformational coming-of-age
moments and to protect them from
work.
That's not what we want.
We want them to become free to
find meaning
in work and in service to their
neighbor.
JOHN YANG: Senator Ben Sasse,
the book is
"The Vanishing American Adult."
Thank you very much.
SEN.
BEN SASSE: Good to be with you.
JOHN YANG: We return to our top
story, the
Justice Department appointing
former FBI Director
Robert Mueller as a special
counsel to oversee
their investigation into
coordination, possible
coordination between Russia and
the Trump
campaign.
We're joined now by phone by
John Carlin.
He served as chief of staff and
senior counsel
to Robert Mueller.
He's now an attorney in private
practice specializing
in cyber-security and crisis
management.
Mr. Carlin, thanks for joining
us.
Tell us a little bit about your
former boss.
JOHN CARLIN, Former Justice
Department Official:
I can't think of an American of
higher integrity
and experience.
This is someone legendary who
prosecutors
and agents in the field, who --
a former Marine,
spent a career as a prosecutor,
has been nominated
by presidents, including
President Clinton,
President Bush, and President
Obama, for different
positions, and, throughout his
career, has
earned respect on both sides of
the aisle.
JOHN YANG: And do -- talk about
his independence.
There was -- you talked about
being legendary.
There's -- one of the legends
about Robert
Mueller is his threat to resign,
ironically,
with then-Deputy Attorney
General James Comey
facing down the Bush
administration.
JOHN CARLIN: He's someone who
has a firm belief
in what's right and wrong and
what the appropriate
role of a government official
should be.
I think he's someone who looks
to -- epitomizes
the idea that you should just
follow the facts
and the law, and has done so in
all the different
steps of his -- of his career.
And, as you have referenced,
he's someone
who, if something appears that
it's outside
the law, he won't do it, or, if
it's improper,
he won't do it.
And it's that type of firm
backbone that earned
the respect of so many people
that have worked
with him as FBI agents, worked
with him as
prosecutors, and observed him
over the years.
He's also highly unusual in this
age.
He's someone who hates the --
and avoids the
limelight.
And he's managed to stay out of
most news
stories and keep an unbelievably
low profile,
when you consider what he's done
over his
career.
JOHN YANG: Could you remind us
of that episode?
Recount for us that episode with
the showdown
with, I believe, as I recall, it
was White
House counsel Alberto Gonzales.
They wanted to overrule a
Justice Department
finding regarding surveillance,
as I recall.
JOHN CARLIN: Yes.
And according to public
reporting about what
occurred there, there was a
surveillance program
that the then attorney general
-- Attorney
General Ashcroft was ill.
So, and Deputy Attorney General
Jim Comey
had assumed the role of acting
attorney general.
And based on the advice he
received from lawyers
at the Office of Legal Counsel,
he found that
the program, as it was currently
being run,
wasn't lawful, and so had to be
shut down.
And he learned about a visit
that was going
to be made by members of the
White House,
including the White House
counsel, to Attorney
General Ashcroft in his hospital
bed, and
was concerned.
And so he asked Director Mueller
to accompany
him to that hospital room.
Director Mueller did so.
Attorney General Ashcroft said
that, as acting
attorney general, it would be
Comey's decision
as to what was lawful or not
lawful.
And I think Director Mueller,
kind of consistent
with his career, if the lawyers
at the Justice
Department say something is not
lawful, then
you can't do it, until you work
out a way
that it's within the confines of
the law.
No matter how important the
program might
be, the law is the law.
JOHN YANG: Ironically, the
careers of James
Comey and Robert Mueller once
again intertwined.
John Carlin, thank you very much
for joining
us.
JOHN CARLIN: Thank you.
JOHN YANG: And now we turn to --
continuing
on this story, we turn to
Congressman Adam
Kinzinger, a Republican of
Illinois.
He called today for a special
counsel.
Representative Kinzinger, I
presume your -- well,
what's your reaction now to the
appointment
of former FBI Director Robert
Mueller?
REP.
ADAM KINZINGER (R), Illinois:
Well, I was
surprised.
I was surprised in a good way.
I think this is the right thing
to do.
The reason I called for it
today, with the
revelations of the supposed memo
yesterday,
the questions that have been
arising, I just
came to the realization -- and I
have always
said from the beginning the
American people
deserve the facts, whatever they
are, whoever
they exonerate or whoever they
indict.
The American people deserve
that.
And this had become way too
political.
Any new story, any new piece of
information
that had come out, you know, the
left screams
-- some on the left mention
impeachment right
away.
Some on the right would say it's
fake news.
And neither is true.
So, we need to get to the bottom
of it.
We need answers, and we need
them in a nonpartisan
way.
And my hope is, this is the
beginning of the
process of saying, let's all
tack a deep breath.
Let's aggressively find out the
truth of everything
and the facts, and then we can
move ahead,
and the American people can have
faith again
in the institutions of
government.
JOHN YANG: Do you think this is
going to turn
the temperature down a little
bit on the Hill,
sort of the boiling controversy
that's been
going on for the past really
couple of weeks
now?
REP.
ADAM KINZINGER: It's hard to
tell.
You know, truthfully, probably
not a lot.
You're going to have now an
outlet, I guess,
for this.
It's -- Congress can say --
there will probably
be these investigations
continuing still in
the Congress, but the majority
of the focus
will be with the special
counsel's office.
But this is a very hot-button
issue.
And any new revelation that
comes out, people
are angry or people are happy
about what they
see or whatever.
So, you're going to continue to
see that dynamic,
I think.
I think this is going to
continue to drive
news cycles and drive stories.
But I think this is the right
way to go for
the American people, so they can
say -- you
know, look, notoriously, have a
very low faith
in Congress to be able to do
things in a nonpartisan
way, because we're a partisan
body.
But to be able now to move
forward and say
we want to get to the bottom
with a very honorable
American like Mr. Mueller, I
think, is a good
step.
JOHN YANG: Is this any way an
acknowledgment
that the turmoil and sort of the
back-and-forth
that you saw with the House
Intelligence Committee
trying to investigate this, that
they just
could not handle this, that you
had to turn
to someone, an outsider like
this?
REP.
ADAM KINZINGER: Well, I think,
ultimately,
it's handleable.
And whether it's the House Intel
or the Senate
Intel Committee, they do this
kind of stuff.
They have access to the
information.
They go through the process.
But there's no doubt, a month or
two ago,
it got very heated, it got very
personal.
You can't have that on the Intel
Committee.
I don't necessarily know who to
throw stones
at on that, but you can't have
that on the
Intel Committee.
What you need is a calm,
rational investigation.
This, with this special counsel
now, hopefully,
we can get that.
And, again, there will still be
a lot of passion.
Donald Trump is a very
controversial president.
People either love him or they
don't love
him, and so you will continue to
have that.
But I think now people can
hopefully rest
assured that the work is going
to be done.
But they need to understand,
everybody needs
to understand this is going to
be a slow and
deliberate process.
I guess I'm hearing it's almost
60 days to
even get a special counsel up
and running.
JOHN YANG: Let me talk you about
the other
controversies that have been
around this week,
the -- not -- this was topped
obviously yesterday
by the Comey memo.
But, before that, we had the
allegations about
President Trump giving Israeli
intelligence,
what's reported to be Israeli
to the Russians.
What do you think about that?
REP.
ADAM KINZINGER: So, I was
disappointed.
So, I'm a military pilot.
I still serve in the Guard and
fly planes,
and I have been in since
basically after college.
And we learned early that, when
it comes to
classified information -- I have
a military
classification, as well as a
congressional
classification -- you have to be
very careful
with that.
Now, the president does have the
right to
declassify information whenever
he wants to.
Theoretically, a president could
take everything
Edward Snowden stole and release
that himself.
But it doesn't make it wise.
And so if you're going to,
especially with
an adversary, talk about
something that's
classified, you need to do two
things.
Number one, talk to the folks
that provided
that information to you and make
sure it's
OK, and, secondly, I think put
that through
the brain trust of your national
security
group, H.R. McMaster, everybody
else, to say,
hey, I want to reveal this to
the Russians
because it may help us in our
fight with ISIS
or whatever reason.
If we can go through that
filter, I think
it would have been very
different.
But it seems like -- I wasn't in
the Oval
Office -- it seems like it was
released willy-nilly.
And I think that's a very bad
thing, very
dangerous, and hopefully a
lesson learned
from all this.
JOHN YANG: How has all of this
affected your
confidence and trust in the
president?
It's a very early
administration, and we have
had all this turmoil, all these
stories going
on.
Has this shaken your confidence
at all?
REP.
ADAM KINZINGER: Well, as I have
always said,
I think the policies -- as a
Republican, the
policies coming out of this
administration,
the foreign policy, has been
good.
The strike on Syria was good,
pushing back
against North Korea.
The words are not.
You know, the tweets, the early
morning kind
of Twitter rampage and some of
these other
things aren't.
Does it shake my confidence?
Look, I think that's a pretty
boisterous thing
to say for a member of Congress
to say whether
or not their confidence is
shaken.
I have concerns.
But I know he has a great team
around him
advising him, and I hope he
takes that advice.
This is, again -- hopefully,
this special
counsel is the beginning of
bringing the temperature
down a little bit.
It will always be pretty hot,
but, hopefully,
we can see that.
JOHN YANG: Do you think -- are
you hopeful
that you will and -- you and
your colleagues
in the House will be able to
focus more on
the Republican agenda now than
on the president's
tweets and other things?
REP.
ADAM KINZINGER: Yes.
I'm really hopeful.
I have been hopeful for while
that we can
do that.
Look, we can walk -- I hate to
use the term,
but we can walk and chew gum out
here.
So, we can have these
controversies going
on, but, still, today, we just
voted on a
bill passed unanimously for
sanctions against
Syria.
We can continue to do that work.
But when you have all this
basically dominating
the news cycle, it doesn't give
us an opportunity
to get our message out, whether
it's health
care, tax reform.
And, frankly, then the president
of the United
States is not out selling that
agenda, too.
So, it takes away some key
pieces to getting
this done.
So, hope springs eternal, and I
have it now.
JOHN YANG: Adam Kinzinger,
representative
from Illinois, thanks so much
for joining
us.
REP.
ADAM KINZINGER: Any time.
Take care.
JOHN YANG: And now we are joined
by MD-BO /Matt
Zapotosky from The Washington
Post to talk
about this.
Matt, thanks for joining us.
I think I probably butchered
your last name.
And I apologize.
(CROSSTALK)
JOHN YANG: Matt, this -- as
recently as yesterday,
the White House was saying there
was absolutely
no need for a special counsel in
this case.
From your reporting, what --
what happened?
How did this -- what
precipitated all of this?
MATT ZAPOTOSKY, The Washington
Post: I don't
know that the White House always
knows what's
going on inside the Justice
Department.
And, for days now, Rod
Rosenstein, who is
the deputy attorney general, had
just seen
his reputation battered over his
role in the
Comey case.
You know, pressure had been
increasing on
both sides, Democrat and
Republican, for the
Justice Department to appoint an
attorney
general.
I'm sure conversations were
going on that
we're still trying to report on
between him
and Bob Mueller, the former FBI
director that
they appointed to be special
counsel.
And those obviously came to
fruition today,
though it's really
late-breaking.
We're still trying to report out
exactly what
happened.
JOHN YANG: But do you think --
we know there
was reporting that Rod
Rosenstein had -- was
unhappy that the dismissal of
Comey was put
on him, that the White House was
putting it
on him, and that he may have
even threatened
to resign.
Is this a way for him to try to
sort of reclaim
his reputation?
MATT ZAPOTOSKY: I think
somewhat, you know?
And, I mean, look, he maybe made
some threats
or said some things to express
his unhappiness
with the way this went down, but
you can't
read his memo any other way than
to see that
he wanted Jim Comey gone.
That was just a blistering
critique of Jim
Comey.
I do think he saw a lot of the
blowback and
reacted in some ways, and maybe
that is what
led to us where we are right
now.
JOHN YANG: Let's turn to this --
the new development,
Robert Mueller.
What -- remind us who he is, his
background,
and what he brings to this.
MATT ZAPOTOSKY: He's a former
FBI director
who is very well-respected in
Washington.
Just as I sat down, a former
federal prosecutor
I know was texting me saying,
there just could
not be a better pick.
He has a reputation of fierce
independence.
I think he has some military
experience in
his background and, of course,
led the FBI
for a long time.
So, you know, and what he will
do now is just
take over this investigation,
take over what
Rod Rosenstein would have done.
He could bring in his own team.
He could use FBI agents.
Maybe he knows some from his
time in the bureau,
but just a very well-respected
guy in Washington.
JOHN YANG: Matt, you cover the
Justice Department.
What's this done to the career
prosecutors,
the career officials, the career
lawyers at
Justice?
What's the morale been like,
from what you
can gather?
MATT ZAPOTOSKY: I think there's
some frustration.
But, by and large, people are
just putting
their heads down and working.
I mean, there's a very small
number of people,
you know, a very tight circle, I
guess I should
say -- I don't know about small
number -- but
on this Russia stuff.
And the other business of the
Justice Department
is going on.
Certainly, I don't think anybody
likes the
hit that it's given to the
Justice Department's
reputation, but these are career
people who
are going to come in and do
their jobs every
day.
JOHN YANG: And do you have any
sense of where
this investigation is, where it
was before
this announcement?
MATT ZAPOTOSKY: I would say now
it has probably
slowed down.
I mean, Bob Mueller now has to
come in, decide
what he needs for a budget,
decide who he's
going to keep on, and if he
needs to bring
in any new people.
I don't have a crystal-clear
sense of exactly
how far along they were.
I think the FBI director -- the
former FBI
director said that it had
started in July,
and that's a pretty small amount
of time for
a counterintelligence case.
And now, you know, Bob Mueller
is going to
have to come in and wrap his
arms around this
and decide where to go from
here.
JOHN YANG: The fact that it is a
counterintelligence
case and sort of the FBI and the
Justice Department's
spy hunters, does that make it
different?
Or how does that make it
different from a
criminal investigation?
MATT ZAPOTOSKY: Certainly, that
adds sensitivities
to this.
You could be talking about
clandestine sources
and methods.
You're talking about FBI
counterintelligence
agents who have been involved in
this.
This is just a little more
sensitive than,
say, a bank robbery, which is
something the
FBI also investigates.
But, at the end of the day,
that's not to
say it could not produce
criminal charges.
Now, I'm not saying we're there
that -- yet
-- excuse me.
Even in making this
announcement, Rod Rosenstein
said, said explicitly, look, I
am not saying
this because I think we are
ready for a prosecutor
or this is ready for criminal
charges.
I'm just saying it's in the
public interest
that someone outside the Justice
Department
oversee this thing.
JOHN YANG: So, we are probably
still months
away?
MATT ZAPOTOSKY: I would guess,
yes.
JOHN YANG: Matt Zapotosky, who
covers the
Justice Department for The
Washington Post,
thanks for joining us.
MATT ZAPOTOSKY: Thank you.
JOHN YANG: And now we go back to
Capitol Hill
for a Democratic perspective
this time, Representative
Adam Schiff of California, the
ranking member
on the House Intelligence
Committee.
Mr. Schiff, thanks for joining
us.
Your reaction to this news that
the Justice
Department has appointed Robert
Mueller as
the special counsel in this
case?
REP.
ADAM SCHIFF (D), California:
Well, I think
it's a very positive step, and I
applaud the
choice of Bob Mueller.
I think he's very widely
respected by people
on both sides of the aisle,
immensely bright,
capable person.
And I think it's the right call.
This is not to say that there
aren't good
career people at the Department
of Justice
that could do this.
But, nonetheless, I think it
will have that
much more credibility in the
public eye by
appointing someone in the
special counsel
position that has that added
degree of independence
from the department, still not
the full independence
that you would have had under
the old statute,
independent counsel statute,
but, nonetheless,
I think a very solid decision.
And I think it ought to help
inspire confidence
in what the department is doing.
JOHN YANG: Now, how will this
work with the
investigations on the Hill?
Will your committee
investigation continue
in parallel with Mr. Mueller's?
REP.
ADAM SCHIFF: Yes, absolutely.
And it's very important, I
think, for people
to understand just what this
means and what
it doesn't mean.
The House and Senate
investigations will continue
to go forward.
We have very important oversight
responsibility.
And, obviously, if we uncovered
facts that
we think that prosecutors ought
to know about,
we would refer that now to the
special counsel.
In the sense that we may need to
coordinate
our activities, because we have
parallel investigations
running, we would now work with
Mr. Mueller.
So, none of this stops what's
going on in
the House and Senate.
Indeed, if we form an
independent commission,
that also is a completely
separate mission
than that by the special
counsel.
The special counsel will be
overseeing the
FBI agents who are working the
investigation,
and the special counsel will be
making decisions,
if it comes to that, whether
charges ought
to be brought and against whom.
JOHN YANG: And what will your
committee be
asking for, with this disclosure
that Mr.
Comey appears to have kept
contemporaneous
memos of his conversations and
dealings with
the president throughout this?
Will you be seeking those
documents?
Will you be seeking testimony
from Mr. Comey?
REP.
ADAM SCHIFF: I think we will in
Congress be
seeking those documents.
Indeed, many of the chairs have
already asked
for them.
I also think it will be
important for Director
Comey to come and testify once
again, I hope
in open session, so that we can
add context
to whatever is in these written
memoranda.
If there are tapes as well, as
the president
has threatened, we ought to
obtain those.
Those, in fact, would be the
very best evidence
of the discussions that may have
taken place
along the lines of that New York
Times report
in which it's alleged that the
president asked
Director Comey to drop the
investigation of
Michael Flynn.
So, all of that work in Congress
by the House
Intelligence Committee, by the
Senate Intelligence
Committee and others will go
forth.
It's just that the FBI
investigation, the
prosecutorial decisions will now
be made by
the special counsel, Bob
Mueller.
JOHN YANG: And on that question
of the tapes,
the -- is there going to be any
investigation
to determine if there are tapes
to ask for?
REP.
ADAM SCHIFF: Well, we do need to
find out
whether there are tapes.
And so I think we need to use
whatever compulsion,
if necessary, to find out.
The president has obviously
stopped talking
about the tapes, and we don't
know whether
that was a -- simply a hollow
threat he was
making against Director Comey or
in fact it's
backed up by the existence of
tapes, but we
do need to find out.
JOHN YANG: Where is this -- can
you give us
an update on sort of where your
investigation
is, where the House committee's
is, and where it's likely to
proceed in the
immediate future?
REP.
ADAM SCHIFF: Well, we are where
you would
expect a large investigation of
this kind
to begin.
And that is with a review of an
extraordinary
number of documents.
A lot of them are intelligence
assessments
that underlie the intelligence
community's
conclusion about Russian
intervention, about
the Russian motivations.
Obviously, we're also looking
into the issues
of collusions.
Were U.S. persons involved
associated with
the Trump campaign?
We're inviting witnesses to
provide us documents.
We're inviting witnesses to come
before the
committee.
We're scheduling open and closed
hearings.
And we should have more to say
about that
in the near future.
But these are all the steps that
we're taking.
And I think we're working
together very well
in a nonpartisan way.
JOHN YANG: Representative Adam
Schiff, top
Democrat on the House
Intelligence Committee,
thank you very much.
REP.
ADAM SCHIFF: Thank you.
JOHN YANG: Now to the continuing
fallout from
the reports that President Trump
shared highly
classified intelligence with
Russian diplomats
that came from Israel.
William Brangham has that.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: It was The New
York Times
that first reported yesterday
that Israel
was the source of that
classified intelligence
about ISIS that President Trump
allegedly
divulged to Russian diplomats.
If true, what are the
ramifications, not only
for the political relationship
between the
U.S. and Israel, but the close
ties between
the nations' intelligence
services?
For that, we turn to Ronen
Bergman.
He's the intelligence
correspondent for Israel's
largest daily newspaper, Yedioth
Ahronoth.
His forthcoming book is called
"Rise and Kill
First: The Secret History of
Israel's Targeted
Assassinations."
And he joins me now from Tel
Aviv.
Ronen, may I first ask you, were
you able
to confirm that this
intelligence that the
president allegedly divulged was
in fact from
Israel, and, if so, what the
reaction among
Israeli intelligence has been?
RONEN BERGMAN, Analyst, Yedioth
Ahronoth:
This is not yet finally
confirmed.
There's an investigation going
on in Israel,
trying to check which of the
many, many items
of intelligence that was
delivered to the
United States during the last
three or four
months regarding Syria, the
activity of ISIS,
Russia, Hezbollah, Iran, all
closely guarded
by Israel, which of these items
were given
by President Trump to Foreign
Minister Lavrov.
As per the emotions or the
reactions inside
Israeli intelligence community,
I would say
they are ballistic.
There are many people who are
extremely upset.
And one of them told me, this is
sort of -- this
is a kick, violation in our
sacred trust of
each other, a blunt violation of
everything
the two countries agreed.
That person said that maybe the
president
has an authority, as he tweeted,
to deliver
U.S. intelligence, but he
doesn't have any
authority to share Israeli
intelligence and
intelligence that was shared
with these close
circles of Americans, and just
Americans,
with anyone else.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: President
Trump spoke with
Netanyahu yesterday.
Certainly, this must have been
part of that
conversation.
RONEN BERGMAN: Well, I don't
know what was
said or not said during that
conversation.
However, Prime Minister
Netanyahu ordered
his staff not to react in any
way to the recent
scandals in the United States,
including the
leakage of information, Israeli
intelligence
to the Russians.
And he's -- I think that
Netanyahu is a bit
intimidated of and afraid of
President Trump.
And Mr. Netanyahu is doing
whatever he can
to play down this affair and not
doing anything
that could harm the president's
visit to Israel
next week.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: In your
reporting, have
you gotten any sense that
Israeli intelligence
is now trying to preserve or
protect or somehow
try to cover the intelligence
that they have
already shared with the United
States because
of this?
RONEN BERGMAN: Yes, indeed.
There is a risk assessment and
damage assessment
process going on as we speak.
And the assumption, as in all
intelligence
scandals, is the worst-case
scenario, meaning
that much of the information is
in jeopardy.
Therefore, steps need to be
taken to minimize
the damage, save the lives
sources and protect
the SIGINT, the signal
intelligence sources,
as much as possible.
If, indeed, information that is
in the hands
of U.S. intelligence, U.S.
National Security
Council, U.S. president is not
safe, that
means that much of the secrets
of Israel,
some of them secrets that took
years to -- modus
operandi, sources took years to
develop, much,
much resources, human lives, are
at risk.
And one of the Israeli officials
told me that
he believes that there needs to
be a reassessment
of everything that was -- that
will be delivered
to the U.S. from this point on,
until it's
proven that the channel, this
pipeline of
information going from Israel to
the United
States, and vice versa, of
course, is safe
again and can be trusted 100
percent.
Nothing less than 100 percent is
not secure.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: All right,
Ronen Bergman,
thank you very, very much for
your time.
RONEN BERGMAN: Thank you.
Have a good day.
JOHN YANG: Once again, our top
story tonight.
The Justice Department has named
former FBI
Director Robert Mueller as
special counsel
to investigate the alleged
collusion between
Russia and the Trump campaign.
Democratic Senator Dianne
Feinstein called
it a good first step.
Republican Senator John Cornyn
said it could
ease partisan tensions.
Separately, The Washington Post
reported that,
last summer, House Majority
Leader Kevin McCarthy
told colleagues he thought
then-candidate
Donald Trump was being paid by
the Russians.
Spokesmen for both McCarthy and
House Speaker
Paul Ryan first denied that it
happened, and
then said it was meant as a
joke.
And that's our very busy
"NewsHour" for tonight.
I'm John Yang.
Join us online and again here
tomorrow evening.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thanks.
Good night.